README.md, before:

# Gospel Zoom&trade;

<img src="https://github.com/21beckem/Gospel-Zoom/blob/main/churchZoomIcon.png?raw=true" alt="logo" width="130"/>

Software made to make managing zoom webinars MUCH easier!

## Installation

Built on Python 3.10.0

1. Download the code as zip and extract it to a local folder.
2. Open extracted folder in cmd and run
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Edit config.json for your webinar:
   - The only mandatory edits needed are for the webinarId and the browser
     - 'edge' for edge browser, or 'chrome-app' for chrome or firefox

```json
{
    "webinarId": "00000000000",
    "browser" : "edge",
    "buttonConfidence": 0.9,
    "remotePort": 1830
}
```

## Zoom Setup
1. __Ensure that your default browser will autofill your zoom email and password!__
2. Install a zoom page closer extention like [this one](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/zoom-closer/appjbedfhcmpknanmbndpojcllfaemal?hl=en) on your browser
3. Zoom settings you need to turn __ON__
   - General
     - Always show meeting controls
     - Ask me to confirm when I leave a meeting
   - Video
     - Turn off my video when joining a meeting
   - Audio
     - Automatically join audio by computer when joining a meeting
     - Mute my microphone when joining a meeting

## Usage

1. Ensure the device you're using as your remote is on the same WiFi as the Gospel Zoom&trade; server.
2. Open cmd in project folder and run
```bash
py app.py
```
4. Scan the QR code on the screen with your device
   - This will open a new browser window and the QR code on the Gospel Zoom&trade; screen will dissapear
5. When ready, click 0 on the Gospel Zoom&trade; keyboard to start the webinar
6. Once the zoom webinar has launched, you should see a 4-digit "Handshake" code on the bottom left of the screen.
   - On your remote device, click on Options (or swipe from left to right) and select Handshake, type in your 4-digit code and click Save.
7. Done! You are now ready to control your webinar from your device.

__NOTE:__ The handshake code is randomly generated on the Gospel Zoom&trade; screen at the beggining of each webinar.

## Features

* no remote features work without a valid handshake for extra security
* turn on the preview toggle at top right and you'll see your computer screen
* press the buttons at the bottom to control zoom
    * press the end button twice to actually end the meeting
* webinar can only be started from the Gospel Zoom&trade; computer for extra security

Commit message:

Added edited extension to close zoom tabs

README.md, after:

# Gospel Zoom&trade;

<img src="https://github.com/21beckem/Gospel-Zoom/blob/main/churchZoomIcon.png?raw=true" alt="logo" width="130"/>

Software made to make managing zoom webinars MUCH easier!

## Installation

Built on Python 3.10.0

1. Download the code as zip and extract it to a local folder.
2. Open extracted folder in cmd and run
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Edit config.json for your webinar:
   - The only mandatory edits needed are for the webinarId and the browser
     - 'edge' for edge browser, or 'chrome-app' for chrome or firefox

```json
{
    "webinarId": "00000000000",
    "browser" : "edge",
    "buttonConfidence": 0.9,
    "remotePort": 1830
}
```
4. Enable developer mode on Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome to install FASTER_closeZoomTabsExtension as an unpacked extension. Code for that originally from [this extension](https://github.com/ChromeAdmin/zoom-meetings-page-auto-closer)(I only changed the time from 21 to 5 seconds)

## Zoom Setup
1. __Ensure that your default browser will autofill your zoom email and password!__
2. Zoom settings you need to turn __ON__
   - General
     - Always show meeting controls
     - Ask me to confirm when I leave a meeting
   - Video
     - Turn off my video when joining a meeting
   - Audio
     - Automatically join audio by computer when joining a meeting
     - Mute my microphone when joining a meeting

## Usage

1. Ensure the device you're using as your remote is on the same WiFi as the Gospel Zoom&trade; server.
2. Open cmd in project folder and run
```bash
py app.py
```
4. Scan the QR code on the screen with your device
   - This will open a new browser window and the QR code on the Gospel Zoom&trade; screen will dissapear
5. When ready, click 0 on the Gospel Zoom&trade; keyboard to start the webinar
6. Once the zoom webinar has launched, you should see a 4-digit "Handshake" code on the bottom left of the screen.
   - On your remote device, click on Options (or swipe from left to right) and select Handshake, type in your 4-digit code and click Save.
7. Done! You are now ready to control your webinar from your device.

__NOTE:__ The handshake code is randomly generated on the Gospel Zoom&trade; screen at the beggining of each webinar.

## Features

* no remote features work without a valid handshake for extra security
* turn on the preview toggle at top right and you'll see your computer screen
* press the buttons at the bottom to control zoom
    * press the end button twice to actually end the meeting
* webinar can only be started from the Gospel Zoom&trade; computer for extra security
